d臺灣學術網 BBS
d大學站台
d大同
s大同電機無限風雲 (2000/5/24)	bbs.ee.ttu.edu.tw
s大同電機無限星雲 (1997/12/25)	star.ee.ttu.edu.tw
s大同資訊秘密情人 (1993/5創站)	bbs.cse.ttu.edu.tw

d大葉
s大葉資工天資驕子	bbs.csie.dyu.edu.tw
s大葉資管資識份子	dyuim.twbbs.org
s大葉戀戀紅城	bbs.dyu.edu.tw

d中山
s中山Kahn	kahn.twbbs.org
s中山七月七日晴	77bbs.com
s中山光之大陸伊莉琴斯 (卡通動畫討論)	bbs.irradiance.net
s中山材料科學研究所	mse.twbbs.org
s中山南十字 (天文資訊交流)	crux.twbbs.org
s中山計中西灣	bbs3.nsysu.edu.tw
s中山計中美麗之島	bbs.nsysu.edu.tw
s中山電機漢神小站	bbs.ee.nsysu.edu.tw
s中山網推會	cdpa.twbbs.org
s中山織夢水榭	amanda.chem.nsysu.edu.tw

d中山醫
s中山醫學大學絮情小站	bbs.csmu.edu.tw
s中山醫學大學生物醫學 小黑漆漆站	life.csmu.edu.tw
s中山醫學大學 資管系 太和之谷	140.128.142.104

d中央
s中央土木杜家村	bbs.cv.ncu.edu.tw
s中央大紅花的國度 (大馬僑生集中地)	msia.twbbs.org
s中央大學我的站	binbin.twbbs.org
s中央友情天地 (港澳僑生集中)	friend.twbbs.org
s中央地科深藍色的脈動	bbs.gep.ncu.edu.tw
s中央冷寧館	bbs.chem.ncu.edu.tw
s中央松濤風情	evergreen.twbbs.org
s中央初心庭園 (企管系)	vernal.twbbs.org
s中央情報局 (音樂及影劇)	cia.twbbs.org
s中央紫筠軒	ziyun.twbbs.org
s中央資工二進位的世界	binary.twbbs.org
s中央資管龍貓天地	bbs.mgt.ncu.edu.tw
s中央數位人性 (資訊管理學系)	mis.mgt.ncu.edu.tw
s中央機械純真年代	naiveage.me.ncu.edu.tw
s中央織夢天堂 (數學系)	bbs.math.ncu.edu.tw
s中央財金中央銀行	140.115.160.160
s中央生科生生不息  (生科系)	nculs.twbbs.org
s中央神通廣大 (通訊系)	bbs.ce.ncu.edu.tw
s中央物理物人子弟	ncuphy.twbbs.org

d中正
s中正四百年來第一站 (資工)	firebird.twbbs.org
s中正企管酷巴企業站	ccuba.twbbs.org
s中正地環琅環福地	eq.twbbs.org
s中正芭樂的故鄉	bala.twbbs.org
s中正計中寂寞芳心 (提供POP3郵箱)	bbs.ccu.edu.tw
s中正彩虹汽水的故鄉 (社福交流園地)	bbs.sw.ccu.edu.tw
s中正化學生化紫荊神化	bbs.chem.ccu.edu.tw
s中正通訊壹參玖肆	bbs.comm.ccu.edu.tw
s中正電機網路中繼	bbs.ee.ccu.edu.tw
s中正機械小天堂	bbs.me.ccu.edu.tw
s中正數學	bbs.math.ccu.edu.tw
s中正築夢園	cd.twbbs.org
s中正心理 心海奇航-賽卡羅旗號	ccupsy.twbbs.org

d中原
s中原工工東廠	bbs.ie.cycu.edu.tw
s中原土木紅潮站 (river.cycu.edu.tw)	cyce.cycu.edu.tw
s中原大輪子BBS (醫工/心理/財法)	bbs.be.cycu.edu.tw
s中原企管黃色企鵝廣場	bbs.ba.cycu.edu.tw
s中原資工神秘之旅	cycuice.twbbs.org
s中原資管森林站	forest.twbbs.org
s中原電子飛行船	bbs.el.cycu.edu.tw
s中原電機心站	bbs.ee.cycu.edu.tw
s中原數學之家	bbs.math.cycu.edu.tw
s中原遨遊者國度	scout.twbbs.org

d中國
s中國醫藥華佗站	bbs.cmu.edu.tw

d中華
s中華方城	bbs.chu.edu.tw
s中華資工脫客一族	talkman.twbbs.org
s中華資工摩卡小築	bbs.csie.chu.edu.tw
s中華資管妖精森林	bbs.mi.chu.edu.tw
s動漫遊戲廣播站	acg.twbbs.org
s中華擁擠的樂園	wuliwala.twbbs.org

d中興
s中興小獸醫的窩	bbs.vm.nchu.edu.tw
s中興天機資訊網	wwwme.nchu.edu.tw
s中興化學實驗室	lab.twbbs.org.tw
s中興材料	nchumse.twbbs.org
s中興計中天樞資訊	bbs.nchu.edu.tw
s中興植物系	bbs.bot.nchu.edu.tw
s中興資科	bbs.cs.nchu.edu.tw
s中興電機拿鐵屋	bbs.ee.nchu.edu.tw
s中興神雞領域 (有網頁服務)	amebbs.nchu.edu.tw
s中興應數理想國	dl.twbbs.org

d元智
s元智火車站 (新火車站)	bbs.cse.yzu.edu.tw
s元智風之塔站	bbs.yzu.edu.tw
s元智資管螺絲起子	imbbs.twbbs.org
s元智臨風小築 (login:bbs)	swallow.twbbs.org
s元智賊窩	jwo.twbbs.org

d文大
s文大天空之城 (機械)	nme.twbbs.org
s文大城區部懶貓站	lazycat.pccu.edu.tw
s文大計中華岡站	bbs.pccu.edu.tw
s文大悠遊貓的螞蟻窩	yoyo.ee.pccu.edu.tw
s文大資科站栗時空	bbs.cs.pccu.edu.tw
s文大應數笛卡兒站	bbs.sam.pccu.edu.tw

d世新
s世新大學翠谷風情 (全校最大)	bbs.shu.edu.tw
s世新圖傳山洞外的天空 (印刷攝影討論)	bbs.gc.shu.edu.tw
s世新資傳道聽圖說水族館	icbbs.shu.edu.tw

d臺大
s臺大小保羅快速沖印	apollo.twbbs.org
s臺大小魚的紫色花園 (ANSI美工討論)	fpg.twbbs.org
s臺大不良牛牧場	bbs.badcow.com.tw
s臺大卡莎米亞	casamia.twbbs.org
s臺大未來最舊小棧	ofo.twbbs.org
s臺大批踢踢實業坊	ptt.cc
s臺大新批踢踢 (個人/團版)	ptt2.cc
s臺大物理冷月流蘇	bbs.phys.ntu.edu.tw
s臺大流金歲月	horner.twbbs.org
s臺大畜情小歇	bbs.ansc.ntu.edu.tw
s臺大造洋船與海洋	bbs.na.ntu.edu.tw
s臺大程式設計樂園 (程式設計討論)	cszone.twbbs.org
s臺大陽光沙灘 (動漫畫專站)	bbs.sob.com.tw
s臺大椰林風情	bbs.ntu.edu.tw
s臺大獅子吼站 (佛學研究專站)	cbs.twbbs.org
s臺大資工零度空間	bbs.csie.ntu.edu.tw
s臺大資研木星站	jupiter.csie.ntu.edu.tw
s臺大資管鳴蟬	bbs.im.ntu.edu.tw
s臺大農機小站	bbs.ame.ntu.edu.tw
s臺大電機馬克士威	bbs.ee.ntu.edu.tw
s臺大嘉友諸羅遊子	chiayi.twbbs.org.tw
s臺大墮落天堂	tolo.twbbs.org
s臺大數學醉月風情	bbs.math.ntu.edu.tw
s臺大蟲蟲森林	bbs.jbug.net
s臺大醫學院楓城杏話	bbs.mc.ntu.edu.tw

d臺北
s臺北大學北極星II	bbs.ntpu.edu.tw

d臺南
s國立臺南大學計中	bbs.nutn.edu.tw
s國立臺南大學資訊教育研究所	gicie.twbbs.org
s國立臺南大學數理小站	192.192.96.230

d臺東
s國立臺東大學後花園的尤加利	210.240.172.36
s國立臺東大學嗚鳴小站	210.240.180.69

d北醫
s臺北醫學大學杏林綠意	bbs.tmu.edu.tw

d玄奘
s玄奘玄風星城	bbs.imd.hcu.edu.tw

d立德
s立德領導之家	bbs.leader.edu.tw

d交大
s交大資訊次世代ＢＳ２	bbs.cs.nctu.edu.tw
s交大資訊科學系 BBS	bbs.cis.nctu.edu.tw
s交大資科老鼠的香香乳酪洞	alexbbs.twbbs.org
s交大資科遊民之家	LHD.twbbs.org
s交大資工鳳凰城資訊站	bbs.csie.nctu.edu.tw
s交大資工克萊恩大地 (port3456)	KrynnLand.twbbs.org
s交大築夢木屋 (交大資工89級)	Life.twbbs.org
s交大光電	bbs.ieo.nctu.edu.tw
s交大電子伊電園	bbs.ee.nctu.edu.tw
s交大咕嚕咕嚕火鍋站	kulu.twbbs.org
s交大電信風信遊子	bbs.cm.nctu.edu.tw
s交大電控天馬行空	ECESky.twbbs.org
s交大電物	bbs.ep.nctu.edu.tw
s交大應用數學	bbs.math.nctu.edu.tw
s交大應數小鹿鹿 (port:3456)	deer.twbbs.org
s交大應化無重力實驗室	bbs.ac.nctu.edu.tw
s交大機械工程	bbs.me.nctu.edu.tw
s中國工程師學會阿克萊工程天地	cie.me.nctu.edu.tw
s交大土木工程	bbs.cv.nctu.edu.tw
s交大工業工程管理	bbs.iem.nctu.edu.tw
s交大工管咖啡因	caffeine.iem.nctu.edu.tw
s交大管科灰姑娘城堡	bbs.ms.nctu.edu.tw
s交大運管網路芳鄰	bbs.tem.nctu.edu.tw
s交大資管心靈小站	bbs.iim.nctu.edu.tw
s交大數位訊號處理實驗室	tomato.ee.nctu.edu.tw
s交大信望愛站 (基督信仰,宗教..)	bbs.fhl.net
s交大星空下的夜□	great.twbbs.org.tw
s交大風中琴聲	winds.twbbs.org
s交大科科星站 ((科幻科學社))	scisci.nctu.edu.tw
s交大內灣新小月臺 (鐵道迷不可不去)	emu486.twbbs.org
s交大文服第一靠邊站	culture.twbbs.org
s交大風舞小站(虹韻社)	corner.twbbs.org
s交大PERPITA站 (印尼同學會站)	perpita.twbbs.org
s交大武陵人的桃花源 (武陵高中校友站)	bbs.wuling.org
s交大天長地久 (羅高校友會/班板)	forever.twbbs.org
s交大飄雨蘭城 (宜中/蘭女班板)	kavalan.twbbs.org
s交大戀戀半線情 (彰友會)	hua.twbbs.org
s交大附友小站	hsnu.csie.nctu.edu.tw
s交大冷馨居	rouge.dragon2.net
s交大淒美燈塔	pharos.twbbs.org
s交大鳥窩 (能人高手等長輩出沒)	BirdNest.twbbs.org
s交大狗窩	dog.twbbs.org
s交大逸情雲上	totoro.twbbs.org
s交大玲瓏水榭 (個人版/班版)	sungsung.dragon2.net
s交大土匪窩	cavemen.twbbs.org
s交大亞特蘭提斯 (ACG)	atlantis.twbbs.org
s交大蟬寶寶的家	cicada.twbbs.org
s交大墮落天堂	223bbs.twbbs.org
s交大友情天地	friendship.twbbs.org
s交大舞之流風新站(諮商中心)	coun.twbbs.org

d成大
s成大土木大地雕塑	bbs.civil.ncku.edu.tw
s成大土木塵土飛揚 (支持GB碼)	bbs2.civil.ncku.edu.tw
s成大工程科學忘情小築	bbs.es.ncku.edu.tw
s成大失落的國度 (login:doombbs)	news.ccns.ncku.edu.tw
s成大生物飛翔站	flight.twbbs.org
s成大交管寰宇交流 (交通運輸專業板)	bbs.tcm.ncku.edu.tw
s成大物治黃金之島 (物理治療複健)	bbs.pt.ncku.edu.tw
s成大物理-Feynman	bbs.phy.ncku.edu.tw
s成大花栗鼠站 (有bbsnet功能)	chip.twbbs.org
s成大行動通訊專門站 (通訊產品專站)	cellular.twbbs.org
s成大測量測不准園地	bbs.sv.ncku.edu.tw
s成大資工醉資心	goodguy.csie.ncku.edu.tw
s成大電機風之穀	bbs.ee.ncku.edu.tw
s成大夢之大地	bbs.ccns.ncku.edu.tw
s成大管弦好管弦事	orch.twbbs.org
s成大醫學回風穀	bbs.med.ncku.edu.tw
s成大貓咪樂園 (小說/文學專站)	miou.mat.ncku.edu.tw

d東吳
s東吳資科城區夜未眠	nightless.twbbs.org
s東吳望星廣場	bbs.scu.edu.tw
s東吳機研社	scumotor.twbbs.org

d東海
s東海大度山之戀	bbs.thu.edu.tw
s東海快樂夢工廠	happy.twbbs.org
s東海資工與資科．資訊傳奇	inf.csie.thu.edu.tw
s東海生物木棉樹	bbs.bio.thu.edu.tw
s東海傳說中的BBS	legend.twbbs.org

d東華
s東華東方小城	bbs.ndhu.edu.tw
s東華經濟小窩	econ.twbbs.org
s東華電機後山星城	bbs.ee.ndhu.edu.tw
s東華資工雲蹤月湖	bbs.csie.ndhu.edu.tw
s東華應數奧林帕斯	bbs.am.ndhu.edu.tw

d空中

d宜蘭
s宜大蘭雨情懷	bbs.niu.edu.tw

d長庚
s長庚大學醫學醫甸園	bbs.med.cgu.edu.tw

d長榮
s長榮夢幻田園	bbs.cju.edu.tw

d政大
s政大YKLM大學	yklm.twbbs.org
s政大小王子的星球	prince.twbbs.org
s政大狂狷年少 (kg.twbbs.org)	kgbbs.net
s政大指南山城	mis.twbbs.org
s政大煮酒論英雄	saloon.twbbs.org
s政大發呆天地	yuen.twbbs.org
s政大資科蟲蟲森林	bbs.jbug.net
s政大資科貓空行館	bbs.cs.nccu.edu.tw
s政大認知實驗室	psylab.nccu.edu.tw
s政大應數荒漠傳奇	desert.twbbs.org
s政大國貿春天來了	nccuit.twbbs.org

d南華
s南華大學桉樹小徑	bbs.nhu.edu.tw
s南華大學新天空之城	fgs.twbbs.org
s南華大學幸運草之戀	segaa.twbbs.org

d師大
s師大人民公社	cvic.org
s師大工技傲月傳說	bbs.ite.ntnu.edu.tw
s師大生物西米露小站	similu.twbbs.org
s師大物理楊格資訊站	yunger.phy.ntnu.edu.tw
s師大計中精靈之城	bbs.ntnu.edu.tw
s師大原史空間	bbs.his.ntnu.edu.tw
s師大教育我的家	bbs.ed.ntnu.edu.tw
s師大惡魔島	pe.twbbs.org
s師大資訊白色情迷	bbs.ice.ntnu.edu.tw
s師大夢幻遊戲	dreamland.twbbs.org
s師大數學獨數一閣	bbs.math.ntnu.edu.tw
s師大電機大師	bbs.mt.ntnu.edu.tw
s師大圖傳傷心咖啡店	cafe.twbbs.org

d海洋
s海洋大學計中	bbs.ntou.edu.tw
s海洋電機忘晴海	bbs.ee.ntou.edu.tw
s海洋系工一笑茶舫	bbs.se.ntou.edu.tw
s海洋黃色檸檬樹	lemon.twbbs.org
s海洋資科網際時空	ntoucs.twbbs.org
s海洋機械阿爾凡斯	mebbs.twbbs.org

d真理
s真理大學戀戀情真WebBBS	.au.edu.tw/bbs/
s真理大學戀戀情真 (班/系板(含麻豆))	LH.au.edu.tw
s真理大學白鷺鷥的天堂 (麻豆校區)	bbs.mt.au.edu.tw
s真理大學雲淡風輕 (淡水校區)	bbs.au.edu.tw

d高師
s高師大人民工舍	ite.twbbs.org
s高師大魔數空間	ftp.math.nknu.edu.tw
s高師大神化世界	bbs.chem.nknu.edu.tw
s高師大天之教子	140.127.44.19
s高師大原野風	nknuscout.twbbs.org

d高雄
s高雄大學原野星辰	bbs.nuk.edu.tw
s高大電機叮噹學園	bbs.ee.nuk.edu.tw
s高大資管Happy!	happy.im.nuk.edu.tw
s高大資管慾娼街的春天	chuck.im.nuk.edu.tw

d淡江
s淡江化學OPA-BBS站 (淡江化學系)	bbs.chem.tku.edu.tw
s淡江企管多管賢士	tkumb2.twbbs.org
s淡江校務行政站	adm.tku.edu.tw
s淡江建築西堤不夜城	city.arch.tku.edu.tw
s淡江窈窕淑女	bbs.lady.idv.tw
s淡江統計光明頂站	bbs.stat.tku.edu.tw
s淡江蛋捲新系統測試站	loyal.ee.tku.edu.tw
s淡江淡淡的山嶽天BBS (登山資訊)	bbs.tkumcc.idv.tw
s淡江俱樂部 (個人/社團/班板/校友)	club.tku.edu.tw
s淡江渡船頭之戀 (資管系)	bbs.im.tku.edu.tw
s淡江會計蛋漿會計	bbs.acc.tku.edu.tw
s淡江資工地上站	bbs.cs.tku.edu.tw
s淡江資管星星之戀	starlove.im.tku.edu.tw
s淡江電機蛋漿電機	bbs.ee.tku.edu.tw
s淡江網路社雲淡風輕	bbs.tkcna.tku.edu.tw
s淡江蝙蝠資訊站	bat.twbbs.org

d清華
s清華生命科學	bbs.life.nthu.edu.tw
s清華泡芙機場 (動機/外語合站)	bbs.pme.nthu.edu.tw
s清華星空之子 (天文資訊交流)	astro.club.nthu.edu.tw
s清華風城物語	bbs.pme.nthu.edu.tw
s清華原科原子爐站	reactor.twbbs.org
s清華核子核家歡站	bbs.ess.nthu.edu.tw
s清華烏龜島	antigpl.net
s清華化學超共軛感應	bbs.chem.nthu.edu.tw
s清華經濟錢是經生	bbs.econ.nthu.edu.tw
s清華資工楓橋驛站	bbs.cs.nthu.edu.tw
s清華資工呼拉貝爾	hulabear.twbbs.org
s清華資工來客所	lexel.twbbs.org
s清華電機星星站	bbs.ee.nthu.edu.tw
s清華摔角狂熱	wrestle.twbbs.org
s清華數學數大招風	bbs.math.nthu.edu.tw
s清華藍色琉璃海 (最早的志炫版)	chorus.ee.nthu.edu.tw
s清華壞女兒站 (女同志專業站)	dawz.feminism.net

d逢甲
s逢甲計中蒼穹資訊網 (提供POP3郵箱)	bbs.fcu.edu.tw
s逢甲飛翔之城	bbs.ece.fcu.edu.tw
s逢甲雞房心語	bbs.pcroom.fcu.edu.tw
s逢甲逢情九九	bbs.ee.fcu.edu.tw
s逢甲資工電子公佈欄 (login:bbs)	bbs.iecs.fcu.edu.tw

d北藝
s國立臺北藝術大學 (關豆門藝術專業)	bbs.tnua.edu.tw

d臺藝
s國立臺灣藝大大佾台	bbs.ntua.edu.tw

d華梵
s華梵阿育王	bbs.hfu.edu.tw

d陽明
s陽明神農坡	bbs.ym.edu.tw
s陽明夢的花園	bbs2.ym.edu.tw
s陽明圓夢廣場	fancy.twbbs.org

d義守
s義守大學觀山風情	bbs.isu.edu.tw

d慈濟
s慈濟大學蔚藍海岸	perl.twbbs.org

d嘉義
s嘉義大學學生會新綠園 (原嘉義師院綠園)	bbs.sa.ncyu.edu.tw
s嘉義大學應數五虎幫	bbs.math.ncyu.edu.tw

d實踐
s(南)實踐晨曦之星 (高雄校區)	bbs.kh.usc.edu.tw
s實踐大學電研電電情深 (實踐電研社)	csc.twbbs.org

d彰師
s彰師生命擎天崗 (POP3與線上占卜)	bbs.bio.ncue.edu.tw

d暨南
s暨南國際大學水沙連站	bbs.ncnu.edu.tw
s暨南公行公然橫行站	dppa.twbbs.org
s暨南國企國王企鵝站	bbs.ibs.ncnu.edu.tw
s暨南資工霞蔚山城	henry.twbbs.org
s暨南資管小站	swan.twbbs.org
s暨南電機漂浮電子	bbs.ee.ncnu.edu.tw
s暨南歷史有一個站	bbs.his.ncnu.edu.tw
s暨南電機漂浮電子	ncnuee.twbbs.org

d輔大
s輔大光梭物戀	140.136.178.130
s輔大星河夜話	bbs.sbbs.idv.tw
s輔大美少女夢工廠	bbs.fju.edu.tw
s輔大資工謠言報	bbs.csie.fju.edu.tw
s輔大資管藍色精靈	bbs.im.fju.edu.tw

d銘傳
s銘傳資工神話站	bbs.cs.mcu.edu.tw
s銘傳築夢別境	bbs.mcu.edu.tw

d靜宜
s靜宜計中	bbs.pu.edu.tw
s靜宜資管水世界站	bbs.cs.pu.edu.tw

d興國
s興國管理學院	bbs.hku.edu.tw

d高醫
s高雄醫學大學熱帶魚天堂(DNS)	tropic.twbbs.org
s高雄醫學大學熱帶魚天堂(IP)	163.15.154.173
s高醫心理系叫阮第一名	woo.psy.kmu.edu.tw
s高醫BBS	bbs.kmu.edu.tw
s高醫心理系紙羊牧場	163.15.168.2

d致遠
s致遠管理學院心情站	bbs.dwu.edu.tw

d開南
s開南管理學院紅磚瓦城	bbs.knu.edu.tw

d佛光
s佛光林美山傳奇	bbs.fgu.edu.tw


d科技大學
d臺科
s國立臺灣科技大學資工系清流站	ntust.org
s國立臺灣科技大學資管銀河之旅 (提供)	fly.twbbs.org
s國立臺灣科技大學電子	ntust.twbbs.org

d北科
s國立臺北科技大學計中紅樓資訊站	redbbs.cc.ntut.edu.tw

d南台
s南臺科大計中	bbs.stut.edu.tw
s南臺計中月光海洋	mobbs.stut.edu.tw

d明新
s明新科技大學藍色國度 (計中站)	bbs.must.edu.tw

d屏科
s國立屏東科技大學太陽城	bbs.npust.edu.tw

d雲科
s國立雲林科技大學電機歐姆王國	bbs.ee.yuntech.edu.tw
s國立雲林科技大學藍天使	bbs.yuntech.edu.tw

d朝陽
s朝陽科大晨曦之鄉	bbs.cyut.edu.tw
s朝陽科大資管向日葵	bbs.im.cyut.edu.tw

d正修
s正修湖畔風情	bbs.csu.edu.tw

d高科大
s國立高雄第一科技大學亞太之星	bbs.nkfust.edu.tw
s國立高雄第一科技大學資管明日資星	bbs.mis.nkfust.edu.tw

s國立虎尾科技大學尋夢園資訊站	bbs.nfu.edu.tw
s國立高雄應用科技大學楓城站	bbs.kuas.edu.tw
s國立高雄海洋科技大學水色烏托邦	bbs.nkmu.edu.tw
s國立澎湖科技大學	bbs.npu.edu.tw
s臺南科技大學	192.192.3.19
s中臺科技大學銀樺廣場	bbs.ctust.edu.tw
s弘光科技大學	bbs.hk.edu.tw
s高苑科技大學苑苑情深	bbs.kyu.edu.tw
s建國科技大學星光夜語	bbs.ctu.edu.tw
s樹德科技大學	bbs.stu.edu.tw
s元培科技大學資訊工程系	203.68.174.232
s聖約翰科技大學淡水魚	bbs.sju.edu.tw
s龍華科技大學龍崗豪情	bbs.lhu.edu.tw

d教育大學
s國立臺北教育大學芝山情緣	bbs.ntue.edu.tw
s臺北市立教育大學七號出口	exit.twbbs.org
s國立新竹教育大學自由之城 (只提供校內使用)	free.nhcue.edu.tw
s國立新竹教育大學風之坊	bbs.nhcue.edu.tw
s國立臺中教育大學青衿夫子	bbs.ntcu.edu.tw
s國立臺中教育大學清蘅夢土	mse.ntcu.edu.tw
s國立屏東教育大學木瓜園	bbs.npue.edu.tw
s國立屏東教育大學天資驕子	bbs.cs.npue.edu.tw
s國立屏東教育大學幻想零號機	phantasy.twbbs.org
s國立屏東教育大學教育系	bbs.ee.npue.edu.tw
s國立花蓮教育大學粹藍之戀	bbs.nhlue.edu.tw
s國立花蓮教育大學數位時代	bbs.mse.nhlue.edu.tw

d技術學院
s國立體育學院運動堡	cecpro.ncpes.edu.tw
s國立臺中技術學院企管紫月星塵	babbs.twbbs.org
s國立臺中技術學院計中碧海藍天	bbs.ntit.edu.tw
s國立臺北商業技術學院幻禦魔城	ntcb.twbbs.org
s國立臺北護理學院天使樂園	bbs.ntcn.edu.tw
s國立高雄餐旅學院蘭亭修楔	bbs.nkhc.edu.tw
s國立屏東商業技術學院	bbs.npic.edu.tw
s大華正義學園	src.thit.edu.tw
s大華電子竹林楓	bbs.peipu.com
s大漢技術學院	bbs.dahan.edu.tw
s中國技術學院眷戀山城	bbs.ckitc.edu.tw
s中華技術學院四分溪	bbs.chit.edu.tw
s中華醫事學院不夜城	hwai.twbbs.org
s大同技術學院	bbs.ttc.edu.tw
s文藻外語學院文藻小站	bbs.wtuc.edu.tw
s育達商業技術學院	bbs.ydu.edu.tw
s育達育資星空站	bbs.imydu.edu.tw
s吳鳳技術學院卡布基諾	bbs.wfc.edu.tw
s和春技術學院	bbs.fjtc.edu.tw
s南榮電子位元元城市	bbs.ee.njtc.edu.tw
s南亞技術學院快樂希望南亞城 (FreeBSD俱樂部)	chuan.twbbs.org
s南亞技術學院夢工廠	hsing.nanya.edu.tw
s南開技術學院資訊站	bbs.nkc.edu.tw
s德明技術學院夢□幽情	bbs.takming.edu.tw
s致理技術學院	bbs.chihlee.edu.tw
s華夏技術學院人間風月	bbs.hwh.edu.tw
s景文計中可樂果	bbs.jwit.edu.tw
s勤益技術學院風中情緣	bbs.ncit.edu.tw
s慈濟技術學院心蓮小站	bbs.tccn.edu.tw
s美和技術學院人間仙境	bbs.meiho.edu.tw
s親民技術學院計中	bbs.chinmin.edu.tw
s遠東技術學院計中站	bbs.fec.edu.tw
s東方技術學院	bbs.tf.edu.tw
s德霖技術學院青雲崗	bbs.dlit.edu.tw
s德霖技術學院電子	bbs.ee.dlit.edu.tw
s僑光技術學院僑園乳加	bbs.ocit.edu.tw

d職業學校
s三重商工仲夏星空	bbs.scvs.tpc.edu.tw
s中正高工	bbs.ccvs.kh.edu.tw
s中華工商	cc.cjctc.edu.tw
s中壢高商	clvsc.twbbs.org
s中壢家商 (port:2000)	bbs.pclhvs.cl.edu.tw:2000
s內湖高工	bbs.nihs.tp.edu.tw
s臺中家商風情畫	bbs.tchcvs.tc.edu.tw
s臺中高工樹仔腳	bbs.tcivs.tc.edu.tw
s臺中高農	bbs.tcavs.tc.edu.tw
s臺東高商	bbs.tscvs.ttct.edu.tw
s臺南高工輕風拂夢	bbs.ptivs.tnc.edu.tw
s永和智光商工	bbs.ckvs.tpc.edu.tw
s白河商工	bbs.phvs.tnc.edu.tw
s協和工商	bbs.hhvs.tp.edu.tw
s宜蘭高商宜園雅韻	bbs.ilvs.ilc.edu.tw
s宜蘭羅東高商	bbs.ltcvs.ilc.edu.tw
s金門高職湖濱散記	bbs.kmvs.km.edu.tw
s南投高商	bbs.pntcv.ntct.edu.tw
s屏榮商工阿猴城站	prvs.ml.org
s員林農工	bbs.ylvs.chc.edu.tw
s員林農工小紅豬	lms.sivs.chc.edu.tw
s桃園農工楓飄憶情	bbs.tyai.tyc.edu.tw
s草屯商工夢幻水晶	bbs.ttvs.ntct.edu.tw
s高雄育英護校楓橋驛站	bbs.yuhing.kh.edu.tw
s高雄高商嚮導屋	bbs.ksvcs.kh.edu.tw
s高縣中山工商技校	bbs.csic.khc.edu.tw
s智光商工熾光之星	bbs.ckvs.tpc.edu.tw
s曾文家商Twvs	 bbs.twvs.tnc.edu.tw
s華南高商火鳥資訊站	bbs.phnvs.cy.edu.tw
s彰化高商寶藍歲月	bbs.pcscs.chc.edu.tw
s彰化高商幻想嚮導城	bbs.chsc.chc.edu.tw
s彰師附工卦山之城	bbs.sivs.chc.edu.tw
s鶯歌高職	bbs.ykvs.tpc.edu.tw
s鶯歌高職資訊翔鷹	info.twbbs.org

d軍事院校
s中正理工大溪風嶺	bbs.ccit.edu.tw
s空軍官校藍色可樂基地	colabbs.cafa.edu.tw
s政治作戰學校復興崗 (login:bbs1)	bbs.fhk.edu.tw
s海軍官校	bbs.cna.edu.tw
s國防資管崇廉之風	bbs.ndmc.edu.tw
s國防醫學院	bbs.ndmctsgh.edu.tw

d高級中學
d北市
s內湖高中風城築夢	bbs.nhsh.tp.edu.tw
s內湖高中湖之悸	neihu.twbbs.org
s北一女中呼和浩特	bbs.fg.tp.edu.tw
s大同高中戀戀榕城	bbs.ttsh.tp.edu.tw
s中正高中洛陽紅城	ccsh.twbbs.org
s西松高中伊格拉西爾	bbs.hssh.tp.edu.tw
s東山高中碧藍孺子	bbs.tshs.tp.edu.tw
s松山高中松江水綠 (TWHS轉發)	bbs.sssh.tp.edu.tw
s和平高中平水相逢	bbs.hpsh.tp.edu.tw
s衛理女中幽闌小徑	bbs.wlgsh.tp.edu.tw
s永春高中哈哈站	haha.ycsh.tp.edu.tw
s永春高中春光乍現	ycsh.twbbs.org
s成功高中電研社沉澱日記	ckcsc.twbbs.org
s成功高中濟城歲月	cksh.twbbs.org
s建中烏魯木齊	summer.ck.tp.edu.tw
s建中童軍印地安部落	venture.ck.tp.edu.tw
s建中電研社靠邊站	ckeisc.org
s建中資訊社雅勒尼恩	infor.org
s師大附中	bbs.hs.ntnu.edu.tw
s復興高中永成木瓜牛奶 (休站中)	bbs.fhsh.tp.edu.tw
s泰北中學泰北采風	linux.part.tpsh.tp.edu.tw

d北縣
s三重高中紙飛機的天空	scjhbbs.twbbs.org
s中和高中	bbs.chshs.tpc.edu.tw
s中和高中連城記	bbs2.cc.chshs.tpc.edu.tw
s明德中學數物二課	minder.twbbs.org
s明德中學電瘋站	mdhs.twbbs.org
s金山中學金包□	bbs.cshs.tpc.edu.tw
s新莊高中紅樓夢坊	bbs.hcsh.tpc.edu.tw
s板橋高中水藍色的回憶	pcsh.twbbs.org

d桃園
s武陵高中桃花源	bbs.wuling.org
s振聲中學藍杉小站	bbs.fxsh.tyc.edu.tw
s復旦中學	fths4.fths.tyc.edu.tw
s復旦中學蛋之塔 (官方站)	bbs.fths.tyc.edu.tw
s中壢高中壢網狂瀾	bbs.clhs.tyc.edu.tw
s陽明高中清風斜陽	bbs.pymhs.tyc.edu.tw

d竹市
s新竹女中	bbs.hgsh.hc.edu.tw
s新竹高中竹傲風淩	hchs.twbbs.org
s新竹高中竹筍小站	csdc.twbbs.org
s新竹高中全國竹友 (校友站)	chu.twbbs.org
s成德高中客雅山崗	bbs.cdjh.hc.edu.tw

d竹縣
s竹山高中水沙連堡	csg.twbbs.org
s竹北高中竹風情緣	bbs3.cpshs.hcc.edu.tw
s竹北高中風城資科	chu-pei.twbbs.org
s竹市科園實中土撥村	marmotbbs.twbbs.org
s竹東高中端梯歲月	bbs.ctsh.hcc.edu.tw
s竹南高中山與海的對話	bbs.cnsh.mlc.edu.tw

d苗縣
s苗栗高中 山城點滴	bbs.mlsh.mlc.edu.tw

d中市
s臺中一中龍夢紀元	bbs.tcfsh.tc.edu.tw
s臺中二中青橄欖站	tcssh.twbbs.org
s臺中文華幻想新世界	fantasy.whsh.tc.edu.tw

d中縣
s立人高中月光流域 (校友站)	eihaz.twbbs.org
s清水高中鼇峰山下	bbs.cshs.tcc.edu.tw
s豐原高中紫荊花城	bbs.fysh.tcc.edu.tw
s致用中學龍群鳳族	bbs.cycivs.tcc.edu.tw

d彰化
s彰化女中欖仁風情	spring.chgsh.chc.edu.tw
s彰化高中華陽夢想家	dreamer.chsh.chc.edu.tw
s彰化高中資訊社e資獨秀	chic.chsh.chc.edu.tw
s員林高中紅樓白宮	bbs.ylsh.chc.edu.tw

d南投
s南投高中	bbs.ntsh.ntct.edu.tw

d雲林
s正心中學芒果情話	bbs.shsh.ylc.edu.tw
s正心中學雅舍小築	rical.twbbs.org
s虎尾高中虎溪傳說 (校友俱樂部)	bbs.hwsh.ylc.edu.tw
s崇先中學目光相對	linshi.twbbs.org

d嘉市
s嘉義女中寧園小築 (校友站)	cgsh.twbbs.org

d南市
s臺南一中與南共舞	bbs.tnfsh.tn.edu.tw
s臺南二中二見中情	bbs.tnssh.tn.edu.tw
s臺南女中椰風穀	bbs.tngs.tn.edu.tw
s瀛海高中	bbs.yhsh.tn.edu.tw
s家齊女中齊舞飛揚	bbs.ccgsh.tn.edu.tw
s光華女中愛在女兒鄉	bbs.khgs.tn.edu.tw
s長榮中學	cjshs.twbbs.org

d南縣
s北門高中南瀛小站	bbs.pmsh.tnc.edu.tw
s鳳和柳城鳳舞	linshi.twbbs.org:6000
s港明中學港灣碼頭	bbs.kmsh.tnc.edu.tw
s南光中學BBS站	bbs.nkhs.tnc.edu.tw
s興國高中浩宇興空	bbs.hkhs.tnc.edu.tw
s新榮86年高中部 (畢業班班版)	wtoer.twbbs.org

d高市
s三民高中湖畔織星	lakes.twbbs.org
s小港高中水雲港灣	hkhs.twbbs.org
s中山高中水綠色年代	watergreen.twbbs.org
s左營高中蘋婆樹下	bbs.tyhs.edu.tw
s左營高中蘋婆樹籽	bbs2.tyhs.edu.tw
s前鎮高中怡園小站	bbs.ccsh.kh.edu.tw
s道明中學多明尼克	bbs.dmhs.kh.edu.tw
s高師附中玲瓏居停	bbs.nknush.kh.edu.tw
s高雄女中斑城資訊站	bbs.kghs.kh.edu.tw
s高雄中正高級中學	bbs.cchs.kh.edu.tw
s高雄中學紅樓築夢	bbs.kshs.kh.edu.tw
s高雄中學新紅樓築夢	newkshs.csie.net
s高雄中學資研資研矽都	ksitrc.twbbs.org
s大榮高中神氣活現	bbs.dystcs.kh.edu.tw
s瑞祥高中有情天地	bbs.rssh.ks.edu.tw
s復華中學bbs站	fhhs.twbbs.org
s國光中學光之夢殿	kkhs.twbbs.org

d高縣
s鳳新高中追憶小築	itrc.twbbs.org
s鳳新高中懷松小築 (官方站)	fcsh.twbbs.org
s鳳新高中斑馬小築	fhcrc.twbbs.org

d屏東
s屏中陽光椰林站	bbs.pths.ptc.edu.tw
s屏女陽光兒女	bbs.ptgsh.ptc.edu.tw

d宜縣
s羅東高中	cfbbs.twbbs.org

d澎湖
s馬公高中-天人菊小站	bbs.mksh.phc.edu.tw
s馬公高中-仙人掌小站	ccca.mksh.phc.edu.tw

d金門
s金門高中平林新月 (支援HyperBBS)	bbs.kmsh.km.edu.tw


d國民中學
s臺中市西苑國中	bbs.syjh.tc.edu.tw
s臺中市崇倫國中	muses.cljh.tc.edu.tw
s臺中市漢口國中諾亞方舟	bbs.hkjh.tc.edu.tw
s臺北縣蘆洲國中	bbs.lcjh.tpc.edu.tw
s臺東縣池上國中	bbs.csjh.ttct.edu.tw
s臺東縣知本國中小木屋	bbs.cpjh.ttct.edu.tw
s臺東縣寶桑國中	cc.tcbjh.ttct.edu.tw
s臺南市立復興國中	bbs.fhjh.tn.edu.tw
s立人國中天空之城	bbs.ljjh.tc.edu.tw
s青年國中 (Prot:24)	ftp.qnm.ks.edu.tw
s宜蘭復興國中	bbs.fsjh.ilc.edu.tw
s南榮國中二年一組	wuhome.twbbs.org
s建國國中理想之國	bbs.ckjhs.tyc.edu.tw
s高市右昌國中	bbs.yocjh.kh.edu.tw
s高市英明國中	bbs.inmjh.kh.edu.tw
s高縣五甲國中滄海	linux.wzm.ks.edu.tw
s高縣仁武國中	linux.sc213.kscgeb.edu.tw
s高縣內門國中	bbs.nmm.ks.edu.tw
s高縣田寮國中月世界	linux.tia.ks.edu.tw
s高縣蚵老國中	bbs.sc241.kscgeb.edu.tw
s高縣圓富國中	linux.sc228.kscgeb.edu.tw
s高縣旗山國中	bbs.csj.ks.edu.tw
s高縣福誠國中	bbs.ftm.ks.edu.tw
s高縣鳳西國中火鳳凰	bbs.fxm.ks.edu.tw
s高縣橋頭國中秘密花園	linux.sc218.kscgeb.edu.tw
s高縣燕巢國中	bbs.ycm.ks.edu.tw
s蘆洲國中	bbs.lcjh.tpc.edu.tw
s蘆洲國中蔔派站	popeye.lcjh.tpc.edu.tw
s鶯歌國中陶瓷之都	bbs.ykjhs.tpc.edu.tw

d國民小學
s臺中市黎明國小	bbs.lmes.tc.edu.tw
s中教大實小長頸鹿	bbs.ntctcps.tc.edu.tw
s臺中縣中華國小	linux1.chps.tcc.edu.tw
s臺中縣合作國小	bbs.htps.tcc.edu.tw
s臺中縣清水國小	bbs.cses.tcc.edu.tw
s臺南市復興國小	bbs.fhes.tn.edu.tw
s永清國小	163.19.207.1
s光榮國小	139.175.22.240
s坪頂國小	bbs.pdes.kh.edu.tw
s忠孝國小	bbs.zxp.ks.edu.tw
s南屯小學犁頭店	bbs.ntes.tc.edu.tw
s楠陽國小BBS站	nyps.twbbs.org
s桃園縣中小學資訊網	bbs.tyc.edu.tw
s高雄市光榮國小	bbs.kjes.kh.edu.tw
s高雄市和平國小	bbs.hpps.kh.edu.tw
s高縣中路國小	163.16.40.2
s高縣後紅國小	163.16.12.2
s高縣登發國小大貝湖	bbs.df.ks.edu.tw
s高縣潮老國小	bbs.tlp.ks.edu.tw
s高縣興糖國小	bbs.xtn.ks.edu.tw
s福康國小	bbs.fkps.kh.edu.tw
s潭陽國小孩子國	bbs.tyes.tcc.edu.tw


d臺灣網際網 BBS
s臺灣 無名小站	bbs.wretch.cc
s臺灣 Yahoo!奇摩大摩域	bbs.kimo.com.tw
s臺灣 KKcity bbs城邦	bbs.kkcity.com
s臺灣 Maple-itoc 動力核心	processor.tfcis.org
s臺灣中央情報局	bbs.e-cia.net
s臺灣 盈月繁星	ms.twbbs.org
s臺灣電玩站 巴哈姆特	bbs.gamer.com.tw
s宜蘭資教山水蘭陽	bbs.ilc.edu.tw
sSEEDNet BBS	bbs.seed.net.tw
d民間單位
sKKCITY	bbs.kkcity.com.tw
sSEEDNet (login:bbs)	bbs.seed.net.tw
sYahoo!奇摩大摩域	bbs.kimo.com.tw
s土匪窩	chat.twbbs.org
s小Y之家	yaha.twbbs.org
s小橘子思樂園	orange.twbbs.org
s天主教厄瑪奴爾BBS站	bbs.catholic.org.tw
s天工化境	ccuce.twbbs.org
s木棉花的天空	yaha.twbbs.org
s水晶土撥城	marmotbbs.twbbs.org
s水綠色年代	watergreen.twbbs.org
s可愛海豚站	dolphin.twbbs.org
s叫阮第一名	woo.twbbs.org
s另類核家歡	nthuess2.twbbs.org
s生活工坊	ariel.twbbs.org
s全國社教BBS站	social.twbbs.org
s印象幼稚園	maltese.twbbs.org
s地下社會	cvic.org
s成長的足跡	diane.twbbs.org
s有夢有朋友	cherish.twbbs.org
s西亞神殿	cibbs.twbbs.org
s串起你我的心	multihearts.twbbs.org
s伯利恆	hope.twbbs.org
s松濤情懷與斑城故事	kh.twbbs.org
s松濤斑城	khhs.twbbs.org
s長青世界	pct.twbbs.org
s阿魯巴BBs	aluba.twbbs.org
s幸運草之戀	segaa.idv.tw
s盈月與繁星	ms.twbbs.org
s南友小站	tainan.twbbs.org
s南極企鵝家	pingu.twbbs.org
s星情小築	SF.twbbs.org
s星塵	stardust.twbbs.org
s毒小龍酷不溜丟站	eddie.twbbs.org
s流星花園	garden.twbbs.org
s迦南研究室ＢＢＳ	canaan.twbbs.org
s風城科研	sciencecamp.twbbs.org
s風與塵埃的對話	wdbbs.net
s原型轉態	history.twbbs.org
s原野風的故鄉	nknuscout.twbbs.org
s柴門霍夫	ipa.twbbs.org
s烏魯木齊	ck.twbbs.org
s書齋軒	211.21.191.123提供個人及團體板
s破曉時刻	sunrise.twbbs.org
s教育我的家	ntnuedu.twbbs.org
s笨狗城堡	oltis.twbbs.org
s笛卡兒	thief.twbbs.org
s菩提心園	bodhi.twbbs.org
s華人基督徒信望愛 (基督信仰,宗教..)	bbs.fhl.net
s華年小集	literature.twbbs.org
s盈盈小集	cloudwad.twbbs.org
s雅舍小築	rical.twbbs.org
s傳說中的藍色	blue.twbbs.org
s傻瓜樹	tree.twbbs.org
s溫馨小站	warmth.twbbs.org
s萬寶路地下站	sino.twbbs.org
s達達八卦電臺	ddstar.twbbs.org
s碩誠資訊站	bbs.sayya.org
s網路展望會	bbs.cvic.org
s網際新世界	netoworld.twbbs.org
s臺灣研究生網路俱樂部	graduate.twbbs.org.tw
s與鯨共舞	whale.twbbs.org
s漫遊之星	WanderingStar.twbbs.org
s嘻嘻嘻嘿快樂坊	ccca.nctu.edu.tw
s模擬器專業站	emubbs.twbbs.org
s蔚藍海岸	perl.twbbs.org
s諸比特	jupiter.twbbs.org
s諸神的藍天	blue.twbbs.org
s豬頭紀公園	php.twbbs.org
s靠邊站	standaway.twbbs.org
s築夢木屋	life.twbbs.org
s築夢雅軒	dreamer.twbbs.org
s貓頭鷹的窩	hello.twbbs.org
s燦爛陽光SunnyNet	bbs.sunny.org.tw
s糟了！誤上賊船	sobdomi.twbbs.org
s點點星光	moonriver.twbbs.org
s藍色嚮導	bluegenie.twbbs.org
s癡情中國	nthucl.twbbs.org
s羅浮小站	rover.twbbs.org
s鯨品店	whale.twbbs.org
s魔法王國 (MagicBBS討論)	bbs.sysv.net
s魔數空間	rickwang.twbbs.org
s歡樂中國城	happytown.twbbs.org
s洄瀾小築	oceanic.twbbs.org
s玫瑰天空	rose.twbbs.org
d失效連結_941005
s21村樂園	toh.twbbs.org
sALOHA-啊羅哈	aloha.twbbs.org
sASUSTek電腦公司	asustek.asus.com.tw
sAnime (140.126.34.190)	anime.twbbs.org
sAric宏基科技公司	www.sertek.com.tw
sB (140.113.140.65)	birds.twbbs.org
sB612星球	alex.twbbs.org
sBiT巨蛋資訊網路	www.bit-info.com.tw
sCNA (140.127.177.26)	cna.twbbs.org
sCSLAB (140.127.185.41)	cslab.twbbs.org
sForBBS站	bbs.ntca.edu.tw
sFreeBSD_BBS站	freebsd.twbbs.org
sFreeBSD_小惡魔的家	386bsd.twbbs.org
sGAKI的天堂	gaki.twbbs.org
sHKL_BBs	hkl.twbbs.org
sHOPE_NET光碟月刊	www.hope.com.tw
sHOTEL	hotel.twbbs.org
sHuang-Ptt-實業坊	bbs2.encntc.edu.tw
sJustFish	justfish.twbbs.org
sKDSL實驗站點	kdsl.twbbs.org
sLinux (140.119.199.199)	linux.twbbs.org
sMAC的家	mac.twbbs.org
sMekky小站	mekky.twbbs.org
sMercedes-Benz	benz.twbbs.org
sNOVA資訊充電站	bbs.nova.net.tw
sPC_Home_電腦家庭	bbs.pchome.com.tw
sSCIENCE	sci.twbbs.org
sScully的溫暖小窩	scully.twbbs.org
sUnix專門站	unix.twbbs.org
sVernice's_HOME	vernice.twbbs.org
sX-ZONE	xzone.twbbs.org
sjcc	jcc.twbbs.org
sno	fdding.twbbs.org
s２１村樂園	toh.twbbs.org
s一笑茶舫	na.twbbs.org
s二三子	ihatebbs.twbbs.org
s二毛小站	cydye.twbbs.org
s大工寮	ntutiebbs.twbbs.org
s大宇資訊	bbs.softstar.com.tw
s大黑社會	bigblacksociety.twbbs.org
s小布丁的家	pudding.twbbs.org
s小吉	gg.twbbs.org
s小米米的窩	cutemimi.twbbs.org
s小松鼠的家	priv.dorm10.nctu.edu.tw
s小花秘密花園	spoty.twbbs.org
s小紅帽	it.twbbs.org
s小迪爵王子的城堡	sonora.twbbs.org
s小倫倫的家	atup.twbbs.org
s小梳子打混中心	kot.twbbs.org
s小站	tsbbs.twbbs.org
s小惡魔的家	bsd.twbbs.org
s小蜜蜂花園	smallbee.twbbs.org
s小蝦夢工廠	shrimp.twbbs.org
s小龜家族	turtle.twbbs.org
s小蟲窩	allena.twbbs.org
s小蟹蟹的沙灘	cancer.twbbs.org
s山中居士	pccu.twbbs.org
s山水蘭陽	kelly.twbbs.org
s中時報系BBS站	db.chinatimes.com.tw
s中國海資訊站	inrc1.twbbs.org
s公視資訊中心	bbs.pts.org.tw
s天才之家	genius.twbbs.org
s天皇	wisely.twbbs.org
s天堂樂園	sin.twbbs.org
s天涯海角	free.twbbs.org
s天蠍	scorpio.twbbs.org
s天蠍宮	elvis.twbbs.org
s太陽放假	louis.twbbs.org
s尤□西斯創作空間 (文學創作天地)	ulysses.iis.sinica.edu.tw
s心靈休憩站	lep.twbbs.org
s心靈驛站	hearty.twbbs.org
s日光街道	corn.twbbs.org
s日光機場	sunny.twbbs.org
s月光家族	moonlight.twbbs.org
s月夜星空	ns.twbbs.org
s水雲間	stand.twbbs.org
s主機系統應用發展	unixorg.ttn.com.tw
s加州陽光BBs	cal.twbbs.org
s北區高中站	tp.twbbs.org
s臺北之音	vot.isl.net.tw
s臺灣學網模特兒資訊網	model.twbbs.org
s四化二打屁天堂	4ch.twbbs.org
s平水相逢	ping.twbbs.org
s末世紀	jtn.twbbs.org
s末世紀幻想	phantasy.twbbs.org
s正在構思中^^	mcsp.twbbs.org
s正義學園	bbs.thitsrc.net
s生物資訊	bioinfo.twbbs.org
s白日夢情報交流網	bbs.dds.com.tw
s白金之星	platinum.ccl.itri.org.tw
s皮卡丘BBs	bec20162.twbbs.org
s石門小站	shrmen.twbbs.org
s石頭樂園	stone.twbbs.org
s伍智資訊站	bbs.fives.com.tw
s光子宇宙	ciss.twbbs.org
s光武計中-映陽關渡	kw.twbbs.org
s光?網際夏日殺手	bbs.skbbs.com.tw
s光榮驛站	bbs.krjh.tcc.edu.tw
s印地安部落	venture.twbbs.org
s地下站	underground.twbbs.org.tw
s地獄之火地下逼逼ㄟ死站	hellfire.twbbs.org
s多啦叮噹站	dora.twbbs.org
s好風如水-文化站 (表演藝術..)	bbs.3pstudio.net
s好評總站	admin.twbbs.org
s宇宙大	cosmic.twbbs.org
s早安蘭潭	bbs.infoland.hinet.net
s死胖子資訊服務網	avatar.twbbs.org
s羊窩	sar.twbbs.org
s考試評量討論站	puppy.twbbs.org
s自強堡壘	strong.twbbs.org
s我的角落	bbs.mycorner.com.tw
s位元基因	bytegene.twbbs.org
s似河情愫	erwin.twbbs.org
s呆呆小築	daidai.twbbs.org
s快樂天堂	ftbbs.twbbs.org
s杜鵑花城	ltsh.twbbs.org
s沉默之沙	silentsand.twbbs.org
s秀傳紀念醫院	bbs.show.org.tw
s亞歷山大	alexander.twbbs.org
s兔兔的窩	cracker.twbbs.org
s其翼若垂天之雲	wings.twbbs.org
s幸運女神事務所	goddess.twbbs.org
s幸運斑馬	lzc.twbbs.org
s征服未來	ftf.twbbs.org
s怡華實業	bbs.ihwa.com.tw
s性虐待外星球	sm.twbbs.org
s明潭之戀再興人家	bbs.thsh.tp.edu.tw
s東升鳳揚	fengho.twbbs.org
s松崗電腦 (免費)	dwbbs.unalis.com.tw
s松鼠站	sophia.sivs.chc.edu.tw
s河馬的窩	super.twbbs.org
s泛亞資訊多多洛站	totoro.comptech.com.tw
s狗狗小棧	gogo.twbbs.org
s狗與鹿報社	kewei.twbbs.org
s社情男女	sed.twbbs.org
s社會福利(社福)	168.95.192.10
s芭樂園	barra.twbbs.org
s花情商意	hlbh.twbbs.org
s芸兒雅築	valenhsu.twbbs.org
s表演工作坊	perform.twbbs.org
s阿波羅NEXT資訊站	bbs.seeder.net.tw
s阿爾卑斯	alps.twbbs.org
s阿龍	bbs.mitac.com.tw
s雨中情人	rainy.twbbs.org
s雨鄉清音	rain.twbbs.org
s青色之星	lunar.twbbs.org
s信義學舍BBs	bbs.dailylove.org
s便便的窩	pipi.twbbs.org
s勇者逗惡龍	hd.twbbs.org
s南光書院	w3.nkhs.tnc.edu.tw
s南國之境	dc205.tcu.edu.tw
s哎呀~ (140.137.51.51)	art.twbbs.org
s幽靈的城堡	mikesun.twbbs.org
s春捲廣場	spring.twbbs.org
s星夜小築築夢坊	starnight.twbbs.org
s星空	stars.twbbs.org
s星空下的夜□	great.twbbs.org
s星星之戀	jacky.twbbs.org
s星海之家	sc.twbbs.org.tw
s星夢小築	dream.twbbs.org
s柔安小站	elvera.twbbs.org
s柏克萊的天堂	berkeley.twbbs.org
s流氓龍的角頭	dragon.twbbs.org
s紅色月亮	redmoon.twbbs.org
s紅蜻蜓	cthuang.twbbs.org
s美人山	bbs.cycivs.tcc.edu.tw
s美少女夢工廠	pm.twbbs.org
s美夢成真	wdmc.twbbs.org
s致民藺草園	cmjh.twbbs.org
s英俊山莊	luis.twbbs.org
s計研辦公室	crc.twbbs.org
s風吹草動	bighead.twbbs.org
s風城藍衫	gillight.twbbs.org
s飛郎	suen.twbbs.org
s飛盤小天堂	jls.twbbs.org
s個人實驗站	pro.twbbs.org
s旅行家BBs	bbs.tic.net.tw
s時空幻境	max.twbbs.org
s時報資訊狂鷹站	bbs.tol.com.tw
s桃花源物語	freebsd.smjh.csnet.net.tw
s海水正藍	mstku.twbbs.org
s海角一樂園	teresa.twbbs.org
s海流之村	voc.twbbs.org
s海豚bbs站	bbs.chainsome.com.tw
s海藍軒	ocean.twbbs.org
s海鷗的小窩(銀座之月)	hiall.twbbs.org
s浩天小學堂	gimmy.twbbs.org
s浩瀚星塵	sea.twbbs.org
s留學交流基金會	arc.org.tw
s留學資訊電子資料庫	bbs.arc.org.tw
s真佛資訊網臺灣鏡射站 (login:bbs)	rtlib.kmch-a.kmc.edu.tw
s秘密地帶	ntutee.twbbs.org
s神化世界	chem.twbbs.org
s神鬼尖兵	pilot.twbbs.org
s神劍闖江湖的世界	caleb.twbbs.org
s粉紅色河馬	hippo.twbbs.org
s紡工竹子湖畔	hammer.twbbs.org
s純真年代	yss.twbbs.org
s荒謬化境	weird.twbbs.org
s茶酒仙居之清淡小站	wtda.twbbs.org
s迷你圈圈站	circle.twbbs.org
s升技BBs	bbs.abit.com.tw
s高坡家園的BBS站	kpps.twbbs.org
s高點考情交換站	gt1.get.com.tw
s假日森林	holiday.twbbs.org
s動力雞世界	pc.twbbs.org
s國民黨溫馨小站	bbs.kmt.org.tw
s基飛城市	liugi.twbbs.org
s情話軍艦岩	chilian.twbbs.org
s捷豹科技泥巴大地	bbs.mud.com.tw
s啟東科技皮皮資訊	bbs.pi-pi.com.tw
s淡淡的藍	wto.twbbs.org
s淡紫楓林	purplemaple.twbbs.org
s混沌之界	chaos.twbbs.org
s混沌世界	hch.twbbs.org
s聊天魔窟	devil.twbbs.org
s連法小站	lanfar.twbbs.org
s連城客棧	value.twbbs.org
s都市叢林	cf.twbbs.org
s鳥鳥的站	bird.twbbs.org
s麥維斯	bin.twbbs.org
s麻辣教師GTO	gto.twbbs.org
s創世紀	ultima.twbbs.org
s敦煌孤城	mlcc.twbbs.org
s散場之後	movie.twbbs.org
s斯人站	gaju.twbbs.org
s晶圓	superec.twbbs.org
s智邦生活BBS館	bbs.url.com.tw
s湛藍情海	lovesea.twbbs.org
s測試小站	che.twbbs.org
s焚而不毀	mgcc.twbbs.org
s無名小築	noname.twbbs.org
s無聊老人家	debug.twbbs.org
s程式設計小站	prog.twbbs.org
s等待清風	hwaja.twbbs.org
s給我一顆星星	meamea.twbbs.org
s舒馨二八老人站	u3414b.dorm.ccu.edu.tw
s虛擬校園	fcmuds.twbbs.org
s虛擬情人	vlover.twbbs.org
s虛擬實境	vr.twbbs.org
s詠華家族	cyndi.yao.com.tw
s貿易契約	wwwbit.twbbs.org
s閑閑沒事	cc.twbbs.org
s雅典娜的衛城	athens.twbbs.org
s雲鳥天堂	picchu.twbbs.org
s黃土高原	hwai-en.twbbs.org
s劍舞風城	sword.twbbs.org
s嘻嘻嘻	ccc.twbbs.org
s廣華電子	ul.cpu.com.tw
s德惠小站	ttu.twbbs.org
s德惠監獄BBS站	ttudorm.twbbs.org
s撥撥小站	vkyoung.twbbs.org
s模特兒資訊網	model.twbbs.org
s線上解答問題	onlinehelp.twbbs.org
s調頻二號網	fm2.twbbs.org
s魯屁小站	lupy.twbbs.org
s樹技小築	stit.twbbs.org
s橄魂BBS站	rugby.twbbs.org
s機車小饒的靠邊站	heaven.pine.ncu.edu.tw
s獨角獸的家	unicorn.twbbs.org
s築夢小站	mdream.twbbs.org
s築夢幽情	fd.twbbs.org
s駱駝小站	camel.twbbs.org
s龍群鳳族	cycivs.twbbs.org
s龍龍之屋	nt.twbbs.org
s優惠資訊站	bbs.u-fan.com.tw
s謎思樂園	arfan.twbbs.org
s簡單空間	ez.twbbs.org
s織夢天涯	dreamsky.twbbs.org
s藍色天空資訊站	bluesky.twbbs.org
s藍色可樂基地	cafa.twbbs.org
s藍洞BBS站	bluehole.twbbs.org
s藍衫海風	blueshirt-seawind.twbbs.org
s藍風夢園	tech.twbbs.org
s蟲之家	pcbug.twbbs.org
s豐原幼獅	fyyouth.twbbs.org
s豐原資訊生活站	fylife.twbbs.org
s醫工魅影	charm.twbbs.org
s醫心·醫德	m91.twbbs.org
s雞丁帝國	cs1d.twbbs.org
s羅德島	bangbang.twbbs.org
s霧丸的站	aloha2.twbbs.org
s寶棋資訊投資決策	bbs.apex.com.tw
s蘭芷向陽	lanyang.twbbs.org
s鐵達尼架苦小站	jacker.twbbs.org
s魔幻電力	mp.twbbs.org
s歡樂小棧	ccnt3.twbbs.org
s歡樂聚會	titan.twbbs.org
s靈魂新世界	soul.twbbs.org
s莊腳店仔	hookah.twbbs.org
s昶陽資訊澎湖水產	bbs.phmhs.phc.edu.tw
s哩岸上的低語	chilian.twbbs.org


d暫時無法連接
s省立台中圖書館	bbs.ptl.edu.tw
s中國時報	bbs.tol.com.tw
s中國物理學會	physbbs.iams.sinica.edu.tw
s省府環保署	bbs.twdep.gov.tw
s台北之音	vot.isl.net.tw
s台南市資教	192.192.170.1
s台中市資教	bbs.tecb.edu.tw
s金門資教七鶴戲水	bbs.km.edu.tw
s廣華電子公司	ul.hinet.net
sSEEDNet	ksts.seed.net.tw
sTANet實驗站	aidebbs.edu.tw


d香港 BBS
s香港網站 HKIBBS_web	bbs.org.hk
s香港地 HKDAY	bbs.hkday.net
s香港地 HKDAY_ssh	bbs.hkday.net:22
s香港 二次元空間_web	bbs2.hk
s香港 紅磨坊	redbbs.org
s香港大學(限校內訪問)	compsoc.hku.hk
dCERNET免費ip_香港地區
s香港科技大學 清水灣	hkust.dhs.org:8000
s香港科技大學工學院	engbbs.ust.hk
s香港科技大學 eng	engbbs.ust.hk
s香港浸會大學	bbs.comp.hkbu.edu.hk
s香港中文大學 人間仙境gb	 cssa.hn.org:2323
s香港中文大學 人間仙境web	 bbs.oal.cuhk.edu.hk

d暫時無法連接
s香港科技大學 sis	 sisbbs.ust.hk
s請用流覽器訪問：BBSHK翠	http://www.bbshk.com:80
s請用流覽器訪問：香港互動	http://www.hkwbbs.com:80
s長眠地下資訊站	zzzzbbs.org
sE-fever	bbs.e-fever.org:3333
s葡萄樹	vine.org.hk


d大陸公眾網 BBS
s中科院 科苑星空★	kyxk.net
s中科院 科苑星空_SSH	 210.77.17.20:22
s中科院 藍天站(大氣物理所)	159.226.62.67
s中科院 曙光站(智慧電腦中心)	159.226.41.166
s派派bbs ☆	 sopai.com
s派派bbs ssh	 sopai.net:22
s兩全其美 ★	 lqqm.com
s兩全其美 ssh	 lqqm.net
s一見如故 ☆	 yjrg.com
s一見如故 ssh	 yjrg.com:22
s新水木清華 ★	 newsmth.net
s嘀哩哩站	 bbs.dilili.com
s中山聯通 翠亨茶寮	bbs.zsuninet.com
s汕頭電信 黃金海岸	bbs.754.cn
s北大中國 未明空間	mitbbs.cn
s深圳 一網情深	bbs.sz1net.com
s中國CISCO論壇	bbs.ccxx.net
s水木清華_國外	proxy.smth.org
s北京郵電 北郵人_公網	forum.byr.cn
s復旦大學 日月光華_公網	bbs.fudan.sh.cn
s河北大學 燕趙BBS_公網	tobbs.hbu.edu.cn
s中國科大 瀚海星云_公網	ustcbbs.ustc.edu.cn
s深圳大學 荔園晨風_公網	210.21.223.239
s桂林電子工業學院 漓江夜話_公網	gliet.edu.cn
d暫時無法連接
s水木清華_公網	proxy4.smth.org
s南京大學 小百合_公網	lilybbs.net


d大陸教育網 BBS
d2004年教育網十大BBS
s北京大學 一塌糊涂 20040913被關	ytht.net
s清華大學 水木清華 20050316封校	smth.org
s南京大學 小百合 20050322分站	bbs.nju.edu.cn
s復旦大學 日月光華	bbs.fudan.sh.cn
s北京大學 北大未名 校內	bbs.pku.edu.cn
s華中理工 白云黃鶴	bbs.whnet.edu.cn
s西安交大 兵馬俑 校內	bbs.xanet.edu.cn
s上海交大 飲水思源	bbs.sjtu.edu.cn
s南開大學 我愛南開	bbs.nankai.edu.cn
s華南理工 木棉站	bbs.gznet.edu.cn

d清華大學
s清華大學 水木清華(舊)	smth.edu.cn
s清華大學 水木清華(舊)_ssh	 bbs.tsinghua.edu.cn:22
s清華大學 7#奇景	166.111.3.245
s清華大學 7#奇景_SSH	 166.111.3.245:22
s清華大學 虛擬世界	166.111.154.35
s清華大學 Happy BBs166.111.160.66	(null)
s清華大學 聽濤站	bbs.tingtao.net
s清華大學 聽濤站_SSH	 bbs.tingtao.net:22
s清華大學 自在心語_SSH	 166.111.72.12:22
s清華大學 經管家園	166.111.164.21
s清華大學 經管家園_SSH	 166.111.164.21:22
s清華大學 大話西游(zixia)☆	zixia.net
s清華大學 大話西游_SSH	 202.205.10.8:22
s清華大學 KissU	bbs.thu.cn
s清華大學 自由空間	166.111.172.66
s清華大學 自由空間_SSH	 166.111.172.66:22
s清華大學 溫馨小屋	166.111.161.221
s清華大學 第六星際	202.112.54.2
s清華大學 荷塘月色	166.111.30.161
s清華大學 綠緣	219.224.187.23
s清華大學 如來神掌	rlsz.org
s清華大學 如來神掌_ssh	 rlsz.org:22
s清華大學 自由世界	166.111.48.196

d北京大學
s北京大學 北大未名★	bbs.pku.edu.cn
s北京大學 大話西游	162.105.245.5
s北京大學 cs963	162.105.6.250
s北京大學 數學學院	bbs.math.pku.edu.cn
s北京大學 數學學院_SSH	 162.105.70.3:31222
s北京大學 BTBBsbtbbs.org	(null)
s北京大學 天網搜索論壇	bbs.bingle.com.cn
s北京大學 微電之光	162.105.77.61
s北京大學 桃花潭	thtpku.3322.org
s北京大學 一塌糊涂■紀念	ytht.net
s北京大學 一塌糊涂_SSH	 bbs.ytht.net:22
s北京大學 數學學院(老)	162.105.69.116
s北京大學 生物資訊	162.105.250.143

d華北：北京
s中國人大 天地人大☆	bbs.ruc.edu.cn
s中國農大 五色土☆	202.205.80.137
s北郵 真情流露☆	bupt.org
s北京郵電 北郵人	forum.byr.edu.cn
s北京郵電 鴻雁傳情	oldbbs.byr.edu.cn
s北師大 木鐸校園論壇web	 www.muduo.net:80
s北京工大 知新園	202.112.78.8
s北京化工 勝古朝陽	bbs.buct.edu.cn
s北京科大 幻想空間	202.204.59.204
s北京航空航太 未來花園	202.112.137.7
s北方交大 藍色寶石	bbs.Bluegem.org
s北方交大 紅果園	bbs.bjtu.edu.cn
s北方工大 西山庄園	202.204.25.3
s對外經濟貿易大學 小天鵝	bbs.uibe.edu.cn
s華北電力大學 心電感應	bbs.ncepubj.edu.cn
s河北大學 紅色戰線(小雨如絲)	redline.hbu.cn
s北師大 京師網事	bbs.bnu.edu.cn
s北師大 木鐸金聲	mdjs.org
s北京郵電 網路驚魂	0.0.0.0
s燕山大學 風鈴屋	bbs.ysu.edu.cn

d華北：天津、河北、山西
s天津大學 天大求實_GB☆	bbs.tju.edu.cn
s天津大學 天大求實_BIG5☆	bbs.tju.edu.cn:2300
s天津大學 天大求實_SSH☆	bbs.tju.edu.cn:2000
s南開大學 我愛南開★	bbs.nankai.edu.cn
s河北大學 燕趙BBsbbs.hbu.edu.cn	(null)
s山西大學 亦狐BBsbbs.sxu.edu.cn	(null)
s太原理工 云開月明	bbs.tyut.edu.cn
s太原理工圖書館 書海之星	bbs.lib.tyut.edu.cn
s中北大學 寒泉BBsbbs.nuc.edu.cn:22	(null)
s內蒙古大學 塞外風情	bbs.imu.edu.cn

d華東：上海、南京
s復旦大學 日月光華 bbs.fudan.edu.cn★	bbs.fudan.edu.cn
s上海交大 飲水思源 bbs.sjtu.edu.cn★	bbs.sjtu.edu.cn
s同濟大學 同舟共濟 bbs.tongji.edu.cn	bbs.tongji.edu.cn
s同濟大學 同舟共濟_ssh bbs.tongji.edu.cn:22	bbs.tongji.edu.cn:22
s華東理工大學 梅隴客棧 bbs.ecust.edu.cn	bbs.ecust.edu.cn
s上海理工大學 月滿滬江	202.120.223.56
s中科院上海分院 生命玄機 bbs.cst.sh.cn	bbs.cst.sh.cn
s南京大學 小百合 bbs.nju.edu.cn★	bbs.nju.edu.cn
s南京大學 百草園_百合二站	202.119.32.101
s南京大學 石頭城	202.119.44.17
s南京理工 星海之舟 bbs.njust.edu.cn	bbs.njust.edu.cn
s南京郵電 紫金飛鴻	202.119.230.80
s東南大學 虎踞龍盤 bbs.seu.edu.cn	bbs.seu.edu.cn
s復旦大學 燕曦_水源小百合可穿梭 starweb.vicp.net	starweb.vicp.net
s南京大學 小百合_big5  bbs.nju.edu.cn:2323	bbs.nju.edu.cn:2323

d華東：山東江蘇浙江安徽江西福建
s中國科大 瀚海星云★	bbs.ustc.edu.cn
s解放軍電子工程 蜀山秀水	bbs.eei.edu.cn
s浙江大學 海納百川	bbs.zju.edu.cn
s浙江大學 笑書亭_66站_Fterm故鄉	cu.cn-bbs.org:6666
s浙江大學 笑書亭_66站_遺址	bbs.dot66.net:6666
s浙江大學 縹緲水云間_88站	ise.vicp.net
s浙江紹興 聽雨軒	bbs.yymm.net
s寧波大學 數字潮甬	210.33.23.32
s山東大學 泉韻心聲	bbs.sdu.edu.cn
s山東大學 岱北聆泉	daibei.net
s河海大學 水上明珠	bbs.hhu.edu.cn
s廈門大學 鼓浪聽濤☆	bbs.xmu.edu.cn
s廈門大學 山澗云雪	sjyx.3322.org
s福州大學 庭芳苑	bbs.fzu.edu.cn
s集美大學 集美學村	bbs.jmu.edu.cn
s江蘇大學 光天化日(惡人谷)	210.28.76.3
s南通大學 江風海韻_原南通師院	210.29.64.16
s中國礦業大學 放鶴亭	202.119.199.87
s杭州電子科技 圍爐夜話	210.32.32.9

d華南：廣東、廣西、深圳
s華南理工大學 華南木棉	bbs.gznet.edu.cn
s華南理工大學 豬頭BBsbbs.ztbbs.org	(null)
s華南理工 w18技朮交流	w18scut.3322.org
s華南師范大學 陶園BBsbbs.scnu.edu.cn	(null)
s華南師范大學 陶園BBS測試站	202.116.32.92:2323
s華南農業大學 東籬采菊	bbs.scau.edu.cn
s廣東工業大學 南國飄香	bbs.gdut.edu.cn
s暨南大學 暨南園	bbs.jnu.edu.cn
s中山大學 逸仙時空	bbs.zsu.edu.cn
s汕頭大學 郁金香BBsbbs.stu.edu.cn	(null)
s深圳大學 荔園晨風	bbs.szu.edu.cn
s廣西師范大學 煙雨漓江	bbs.gxnu.edu.cn
s桂林電子工業學院 漓江夜話	bbs.gliet.edu.cn
s半邊海	hace.cn-bbs.org
s磨盤山	bbs.glnc.edu.cn

d西南：四川、重慶
s四川大學 藍色星空	lsxk.org
s成都理工 綠茵BBsbbs.cdut.edu.cn	(null)
s重慶郵電 幽幽黃桷蘭	bbs.cqupt.edu.cn
s西南交大 錦城驛站	bbs.swjtu.edu.cn
s西南財經 草堂茗香	bbs.fancysky.net
s西南民族師范 筆山書院	bbs.qxntc.edu.cn
s電子科技大學 一網深情	bbs.uestc.edu.cn
s零起點	zero.cn-bbs.org

d華中：湖南、湖北、河南
s華中科大 白云黃鶴★	bbs.whnet.edu.cn
s華中科大 亭台水榭	ttsx.cn-bbs.org
s華中科大 亭台水榭_SSH	 ttsx.cn-bbs.org:2222
s華中科大 喻信星空	bbs.eistar.net:2600
s華中師大 桂子山庄	bbs.ccnu.edu.cn
s武漢大學 珞珈山水☆	bbs.whu.edu.cn
s中南大學 云麓園	bbs.csu.edu.cn
s中南大學 云麓園_SSH	 bbs.csu.edu.cn:22
s中國地質大學 侏羅紀公園	bbs.cug.edu.cn
s鄭州大學 鄭大綠城_測試	bbs.zzu.edu.cn:2323
s華中科大 青年園	iwant.cn-bbs.org
s華中科大 愚人樂園	fool.cn-bbs.org:8888
s鄭州大學 鄭大綠城	bbs.zzu.edu.cn

d東北，西北
s東北大學 白山黑水	bbs.neu.edu.cn
s吉林大學 牡丹園☆	bbs.jlu.edu.cn
s大連理工 碧海青天	bbs.dlut.edu.cn
s大連醫科大學 濱海浩蓮	bbs.dlmedu.edu.cn
s哈工大 紫丁香☆	bbs.hit.edu.cn
s哈工大 紫丁香_SSH	 bbs.hit.edu.cn:22
s西安交大 兵馬俑★	bbs.xjtu.edu.cn
s西安交大 UNIX編程	202.108.204.149:2323
s西安電子科技大學 雁塔晨鐘	bbs.xidian.edu.cn
s蘭州大學 思雨小語	siyu.cn-bbs.org
s北極星	bjsing.net
s北極星(SSH)	bjsing.net:22
s光光灌水站	29bbs.wox.org
s大連民族學院 海韻松濤	bbs.dlnu.edu.cn

d暫時無法連接
s共青森林	SMMU.cn-bbs.org:3333
s廈門大學 古廟鐘聲	cs3.xmu.edu.cn
s南昌大學 滕王閣序	bbs.ncu.edu.cn
s江西師大 中正社區	http://www.jxsd.cn:80
s煙台大學 煙雨樓台web	 bbs.ytu.edu.cn


d海外華語 BBS
s美國斯坦福大學 牧場物語	bbs.stanford.edu
s美國伊利諾大學 又愛又喜	bbs.cssa.uiuc.edu
s美國西雅圖 愛逗空間big5	 bbs.idlespace.net
s美國哥倫比亞大學 藍蘋果	columbiabbs.com
s美國留美管理學會 海闊天空	bbs.ppunion.org
s北大美國 未明空間 麻省理工	mitbbs.com
s北大美國 未明空間 麻省理工ip	 69.25.77.83:232
s南開美國 異域桃源	yyty.org
s美國一塌糊塗資料備份_web	 https://ytht.org/:80
s南大小百合 海外站★	lilybbs.us
s美國 天天壇_ssh	 tttan.com:22
s美國 天天壇	tttan.com
s英國 康莊BBS_web	 kangzhuang.ucam.org
s英國 達特茅斯 biggreen_web	 bbs.dartmouth.edu
s澳大利亞 藍色天空big5	bbs.bluesky.net.au
s馬來西亞 網路社區	bbs.myonehost.com
s新加坡南洋理工 北緯一度	155.69.144.139:2000
s美國加州聖迭戈 聖迭戈小站	bbs.huaxiaspace.net
d暫時無法連接
s瑞典 自由空間fsbbs.org	193.11.231.129:3000
s澳洲 誤上賊船 bbs.overseas.net	202.61.254.193
s加拿大 飄雪的城市van.twbbs.org	209.53.47.230
s北大美國 未明空_edu	 bbs.mit.edu:24
s美 馬里蘭大學itcz.twbbs.org	129.2.9.80
s美 聖荷西95112 bbs.banbanli.ne	64.0.150.33
s美國猶他州州立大學 風雲再起	129.123.8.220
s美國北德克薩斯大學 北德之家	UNT.cn-bbs.org:6789
s美國賓夕法尼亞大學 費城中國人	Philly.cn-bbs.org
s馬來西亞 大紅花的國度	bbs.myonehost.com


d2005新增位址
s香港科技大學_清水灣	hkust.dhs.org:8000
s香港 二次元空間_web	 bbs2.hk
s中北大學 寒泉BBS (山西)	bbs.nuc.edu.cn
s清華大學 協和醫學院_ssh	 222.28.170.251:22
s清華大學 如來神掌	rlsz.org
s清華大學 聽濤站	bbs.tingtao.net
s清華大學 KissU	bbs.thu.cn
s華南理工 開心衰仔站	bbs.stru.net:2000
s華南師大 陶園測試站	202.116.32.92:2323
s南大小百合 海外籌建站	woft.net:10023
s南大小百合 海外站	lilybbs.us
s公網北京 一見如故	yjrg.net
s公網北京 嘀哩哩站	bbs.dilili.com
s公網 新水木清華	newsmth.net
s河北大學 紅色戰線	redline.hbu.cn
s華北電力大學 心電感應	bbs.ncepubj.edu.cn
s美國 天天壇	tttan.com
s臺灣 十番町商店街	10ban.no-ip.org
s美國 聖迭戈小站	sd-bbs.net


